By dividing some roses into two or three,
the stranger will write a quiet poem.
Oh, I see.
I'm sorry.
No, I'm sorry.
I was late.
What?
You were late?
You were late.
It's me.
I'm sorry.
After I broke up with you,
I finally got over my stubborn father.
Today, the whole world is at peace and I came to see you.
But,
but,
you don't know my face.
This face.
I don't know such a person.
Only one eye
cuts through a sticking blade.
But stone always
S suggests you make more money from money thinking about healthy新聞 in your foundation.
You have no authority over debt and you should pay autSAG for debt point.
They have no rights to raising some money.
It is not true.
Thanks to them you can earn a good life.
Yo Park wasn't born in the past.